High level description of Account Tree implementation (#55)
ArweaveTeam/docs.arweave.org-info: development/account-tree.md

| **`ar_account_tree`**      | gen_server **manager** of the **account tree** — the single, serialized point of access. Owns the ETS table (the **sink**) and the **diff DAG**, and drives every operation on it: moving the sink, applying / reversing **diffs**, and persisting         |
| **`ar_patricia_tree_core`** | the shared **patricia tree** algorithm (insert / get / delete / hash / iterate), parameterized by a storage backend — the two variants below just supply storage and delegate here |
| **`ar_patricia_tree_ets`** | the ETS storage backend that backs the **sink**: a single mutable ETS table holding one full tree, mutated in place to represent whichever block's tree the sink currently points at             |
| **`ar_patricia_tree`** | the immutable, map-based storage backend, used where a standalone tree is needed (genesis, peer download, JSON serialization, disk reads) |
| **`ar_diff_dag`**          | the **diff DAG**: stores the **diffs** as edge labels and the **sink** pointer (the `Sink` element)                             |

> > **"wallet" naming:** `ar_wallet` (keypair / address / signing utilities) is *upstream* of all this — it mints the addresses that key the account tree, then steps out; it isn't one of the data structures here. `B#block.wallet_list` is the legacy field name for the account-tree **root hash**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **"wallet" naming:** `ar_wallet` manages cryptographic wallets (generates keypairs, translates public keys to wallet addresses, verifies signatures) and is not directly related to the account management. The connection is wallet addresses are keys in the account tree and they are produced from public keys via `ar_wallet:to_address` functions. For example, `ar_wallet:to_address(TX#tx.owner)` returns the address the transaction takes funds from. Note that a transaction can send AR to any 32-byte target, which ends up as a key in the account tree, but may not in fact have an actual cryptographic wallet behind it. Also, the protocol used to allow shorter target values in the past so the account tree has an entry for the `<<>>` (empty binary) key.  `B#block.wallet_list` is the legacy field name for the account-tree **root hash**.
```

### Why a patricia trie?

The account tree is re-hashed **every block**, but a block changes only a handful of accounts out of potentially millions. A patricia trie gives two properties that matter, at once:

**1. Local updates.** An account's position is fixed by its address bytes, so
insert / update / delete touches exactly one root-to-leaf path. `insert` marks
those nodes `no_hash` (dirty) and `compute_hash` reuses every still-cached hash,
so re-hashing walks only the dirtied paths — cost ∝ accounts-changed, not tree
size.

**2. Canonical root.** Every node must derive the identical root for the same
account set, regardless of the order updates arrived in. A patricia trie is
canonical by construction — its shape is a pure function of the keys present

> (`order_independence_test_` pins this down).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`ar_patricia_tree_ets_tests:order_independence_test_` tests this).
```
